Add initial hook option (#18)
Cr1t-GYM/jenkins-action-poc: README.md

| `jenkinsfile` | String | Jenkinsfile | The relative path to Jenkinsfile. You can check [the official manual about Jenkinsfile](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/syntax/). |
| `pluginstxt` | String | plugins.txt | The relative path to plugins list file. You can check [the valid plugin input format](https://github.com/jenkinsci/plugin-installation-manager-tool#plugin-input-format). You can also refer to the [plugins.txt](plugins.txt) in this repository. |
| `jcasc` | String | N/A | The relative path to Jenkins Configuration as Code YAML file. You can refer to the [demos](https://github.com/jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin/tree/master/demos) provided by `configuration-as-code-plugin` and learn how to configure the Jenkins instance without using UI page. |

> | `initHook` | String | N/A | The relative path to the [Groovy init hook file](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/managing/groovy-hook-scripts/). |

Reviewer: Instead of allowing just one init hook file, wouldn't it be better if the user provides an entire directory that becomes `groovy.init.d` in the container?

Author: I changed this option now. Users are required to provide a direcotry which contains groovy scripts.

          jcasc: jcasc.yml
          baseImage: 'node:18.3.0'  
```
### Configure your instance by Groovy hook scripts

> This feature is available in `jenkinsfile-runner-action`, `jfr-container-action` and `jfr-static-image-action`. Sometimes JCasC cannot provide enough configutations and you might find setting up a Groovy hook scripts is useful. Your groovy scripts will be executed right after Jenkins starts up and before your actual pipeline starts up. These scripts allows full access to all of the classes in the Jenkins core and installed plugins. The following example is based on `jfr-container-action` but it works the same as other actions. Note you need to provide a directory which contains your groovy scripts not a single file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature is available in `jenkinsfile-runner-action`, `jfr-container-action` and `jfr-static-image-action`. Sometimes JCasC cannot provide adequate configutation settings and you might find that setting up a Groovy hook scripts is useful in that case. Your groovy scripts will be executed right after Jenkins and before your actual pipeline start up. These scripts allows full access to all of the classes in the Jenkins core and installed plugins. The following example is based on `jfr-container-action` but it works in the same way as the other actions. Please note that you will need to provide a directory which contains your groovy scripts not as a single file.
```
